jQuery-Mobile-Progress-Bar-with-Percentage/README.md, before:

jQuery-Mobile-Progress-Bar-with-Percentage v1.0.0 (Tolito Progress Bar)
=========================================================

jQuery-Mobile-Progress-Bar-with-Percentage v1.0.0 Overview
--------

The Tolito Progress Bar is a plugin for jQuery Mobile which offers the functionality to create and manage a progress bar. 
In addition it provides the options to set the progress bar's outer theme and inner filling theme on the basis of the 
jQuery Mobile standard themes, to show a percentage completion counter, to set whether the progress bar has normal or 
mini size, to define the interval which specifies the filling frequency rate, to configure the max value of the outer 
bar and set the initial value of the filling inner bar. The idea of JavaScript prototype chaining has been used in order 
to enable the chaining of separate method calls where each call is made on the same instance. 

Compatibility
--------

   Tested along with jQuery 1.8.2 and jQuery Mobile 1.2.0

Examples
-------
	
	The examples folder contains 5 HTML files. The first example file depicts a mini tolito progress bar with a
	percentage counter. The second file contains a jQuery Mobile dialog with an embedded tolito progress bar. The 
	third file shows an overlay which contains a centered message box with an enclosed tolito progress bar. The 
	fourth file contains a jQuery Mobile dialog with a tolito progress bar which starts loading after a specified 
	delay period. The last example depicts the usage of a basic unconfigured mini tolito progress bar. Note that
	the example HTML files are using the CDN-hosted versions of jQuery Mobile and jQuery.

Quick Start Guide
---------------
	
	Step 1
	-------

	Include the following CSS and JS files inside the head section of your HTML file. Please note 
	that you can use local copies of the jQuery and jQuery Mobile CSS and JS files instead of the
	CDN hosted ones.
	
	<!-- /jQuery Mobile 1.2.0 CSS file -->
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="http://code.jquery.com/mobile/1.2.0/jquery.mobile-1.2.0.min.css" />
	<!-- /Tolito 1.0 CSS file -->
	<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="./css/tolito-1.0.0.css" />
	<!-- /jQuery 1.8.2 JS CDN hosted file -->
	<script src="http://code.jquery.com/jquery-1.8.2.min.js"></script>
	<!-- /jQuery Mobile 1.2.0 JS CDN hosted file -->
	<script src="http://code.jquery.com/mobile/1.2.0/jquery.mobile-1.2.0.min.js"></script>
	<!-- /Tolito JS file -->
	<script type="text/javascript" src="./js/tolito-1.0.0.js"></script>

	Step 2
	-------
	Add the following HTML snippet inside your jQM page:
	
	<!-- /Tolito Progress Bar v1.0 for jQuery Mobile -->
	<div id="progressbar"></div>
	
	Step 3
	-------
	Use the following snippet to configure and build the progress bar. It is not mandatory 
	to set the options. The TolitoProgressBar constructor expects to receive as an argument 
	the element id of the div tag created in Step 2.
	
	TolitoProgressBar('progressbar')
		.setOuterTheme('b')
		.setInnerTheme('e')
		.isMini(false)
		.setMax(100)
		.setStartFrom(0)
		.setInterval(10)
		.showCounter(true)
		.logOptions()
		.build()
		.init();
	
	Configuration Setters, Build and Init procedure:
	
		setOuterTheme(theme)
			Usage: Optional
			Description: Sets the outer theme of the progress bar. The theme argument
			must be 'a' or 'b' or 'c' or 'd' or 'e'. The default theme is based
			on the inherit chain or the default value 'c'.
			
		setInnerTheme(theme)
			Usage: Optional
			Description: Sets the filling theme of the progress bar. The theme argument
			must be 'a' or 'b' or 'c' or 'd' or 'e'. The default theme is based
			on the inherit chain or the default value 'c'.
		
		isMini(bool)
			Usage: Optional
			Description: Sets whether the progress bar has mini size. The bool argument
			must be true or false. The default value is false.
			
		setMax(max)
			Usage: Optional
			Description: Sets the max value of the progress bar. The progress bar is
			considered as completed when the counter reaches the specified
			max value. The default value is 100.
			
		setStartFrom(startFrom)
			Usage: Optional
			Decsription: Sets the initial value of the filling bar. For example if a progress
			bar has max value 100 and the startFrom value is 50 then the bar
			will start loading from value 50 (the middle of the bar). The default
			value is 0.
		
		setInterval(interval)
			Usage: Optional
			Description: Sets the progress bar's loading frequency rate in milliseconds. The 
			default value is 100.
			
		showCounter(bool)
			Usage: Optional
			Description: Sets whether a percentage completion counter is appeared or not. The
			bool argument must be true or false. The default value is true.
		
		logOptions()
			Usage: Optional
			Description: Logs the configured options in the console.
			
		build()
			Usage: Mandatory
			Description: Creates the progress bar instance.
			
		init()
			Usage: Optional
			Description: Inits the loading/filling procedure.

Copyright And License
---------------------

Copyright (c) 2013 Tolis. Check the LICENSE file for more details.

GitHub repository
-------------------

https://github.com/tolis-e/jQuery-Mobile-Progress-Bar-with-Percentage

Commit message:

Version 1.0.1 with resume, stop functionality

jQuery-Mobile-Progress-Bar-with-Percentage/README.md, after:

jQuery-Mobile-Progress-Bar-with-Percentage v1.0.1 (Tolito Progress Bar)
=========================================================

jQuery-Mobile-Progress-Bar-with-Percentage v1.0.1 Overview
--------

The Tolito Progress Bar is a plugin for jQuery Mobile which offers the functionality to create, manage, start, stop and
resume a progress bar. In addition it provides the options to set the progress bar's outer theme and inner filling theme
on the basis of the jQuery Mobile standard themes, to show a percentage completion counter, to set whether the progress 
bar has normal or mini size, to define the interval which specifies the filling frequency rate, to configure the max 
value of the outer bar and set the initial value of the filling inner bar. The idea of JavaScript prototype chaining has 
been used in order to enable the chaining of separate method calls where each call is made on the same instance. 

Compatibility
--------

   Tested along with jQuery 1.8.2 and jQuery Mobile 1.2.0

Examples
-------
	
	The examples folder contains 7 HTML files. The first example file depicts a mini tolito progress bar with a
	percentage counter. The second file contains a jQuery Mobile dialog with an embedded tolito progress bar. The 
	third file shows an overlay which contains a centered message box with an enclosed tolito progress bar. The 
	fourth file contains a jQuery Mobile dialog with a tolito progress bar which starts loading after a specified 
	delay period. The fifth example depicts the usage of a basic unconfigured mini tolito progress bar. The sixth
	example shows a tolito progress bar which stops after 5 seconds. The last example depicts a tolito progress
	bar which stops after 5 seconds and resumes after 3 seconds. Note that the example HTML files are using the 
	CDN-hosted versions of jQuery Mobile and jQuery.

Quick Start Guide
---------------
	
	Step 1
	-------

	Include the following CSS and JS files inside the head section of your HTML file. Please note 
	that you can use local copies of the jQuery and jQuery Mobile CSS and JS files instead of the
	CDN hosted ones.
	
	<!-- /jQuery Mobile 1.2.0 CSS file -->
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="http://code.jquery.com/mobile/1.2.0/jquery.mobile-1.2.0.min.css" />
	<!-- /Tolito 1.0 CSS file -->
	<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="./css/tolito-1.0.1.css" />
	<!-- /jQuery 1.8.2 JS CDN hosted file -->
	<script src="http://code.jquery.com/jquery-1.8.2.min.js"></script>
	<!-- /jQuery Mobile 1.2.0 JS CDN hosted file -->
	<script src="http://code.jquery.com/mobile/1.2.0/jquery.mobile-1.2.0.min.js"></script>
	<!-- /Tolito JS file -->
	<script type="text/javascript" src="./js/tolito-1.0.1.js"></script>

	Step 2
	-------
	Add the following HTML snippet inside your jQM page:
	
	<!-- /Tolito Progress Bar v1.0 for jQuery Mobile -->
	<div id="progressbar"></div>
	
	Step 3
	-------
	Use the following snippet to configure and build the progress bar. It is not mandatory 
	to set the options. The TolitoProgressBar constructor expects to receive as an argument 
	the element id of the div tag created in Step 2.
	
	TolitoProgressBar('progressbar')
		.setOuterTheme('b')
		.setInnerTheme('e')
		.isMini(false)
		.setMax(100)
		.setStartFrom(0)
		.setInterval(10)
		.showCounter(true)
		.logOptions()
		.build()
		.init();
	
	Configuration Setters, Build and Init procedure:
	
		setOuterTheme(theme)
			Usage: Optional
			Description: Sets the outer theme of the progress bar. The theme argument
			must be 'a' or 'b' or 'c' or 'd' or 'e'. The default theme is based
			on the inherit chain or the default value 'c'.
			
		setInnerTheme(theme)
			Usage: Optional
			Description: Sets the filling theme of the progress bar. The theme argument
			must be 'a' or 'b' or 'c' or 'd' or 'e'. The default theme is based
			on the inherit chain or the default value 'c'.
		
		isMini(bool)
			Usage: Optional
			Description: Sets whether the progress bar has mini size. The bool argument
			must be true or false. The default value is false.
			
		setMax(max)
			Usage: Optional
			Description: Sets the max value of the progress bar. The progress bar is
			considered as completed when the counter reaches the specified
			max value. The default value is 100.
			
		setStartFrom(startFrom)
			Usage: Optional
			Decsription: Sets the initial value of the filling bar. For example if a progress
			bar has max value 100 and the startFrom value is 50 then the bar
			will start loading from value 50 (the middle of the bar). The default
			value is 0.
		
		setInterval(interval)
			Usage: Optional
			Description: Sets the progress bar's loading frequency rate in milliseconds. The 
			default value is 100.
			
		showCounter(bool)
			Usage: Optional
			Description: Sets whether a percentage completion counter is appeared or not. The
			bool argument must be true or false. The default value is true.
		
		logOptions()
			Usage: Optional
			Description: Logs the configured options in the console.
			
		build()
			Usage: Mandatory
			Description: Creates the progress bar instance.
			
		init()
			Usage: Optional
			Description: Inits or resumes the loading/filling procedure.
			
		stop()
			Usage: Optional
			Description: Stops the loading/filling procedure.

Copyright And License
---------------------

Copyright (c) 2013 Tolis. Check the LICENSE file for more details.

GitHub repository
-------------------

https://github.com/tolis-e/jQuery-Mobile-Progress-Bar-with-Percentage
